---
slug: v1.1.0
title: Release v1.1.0
authors: nziie
tags: [New Version, Updates]
---
import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";
import Button from '../src/components/Button';
import { DiscordButton, DiscordButtons, DiscordInteraction, DiscordMessage, DiscordMessages, DiscordEmbed, DiscordMention, DiscordReactions, DiscordReaction, } from "discord-message-components/packages/react"; import "discord-message-components/packages/react/dist/style.css"; import DiscordComponent, { defaultOptions } from "../src/components/DiscordComponent";

Hey everyone, here with a new version of Server Manager. This new version includes: **moderation cases**, **bug fixes**, and small changes.

## Cases
Cases may make a big impact on moderation in your server. With every moderation action (warn, mute, kick, ban), a case is created with a specific ID. These cases aren't removed when a member leaves and they don' expire. Therefore, you can keep track of a user's moderation history even if they left the server. You can edit a case's reason and <em>proof</em> in the `/case <case_id>` command. Yes, you heard me correctly: you can attach proof to a case. Case proof is helpful long term if you doubt that there was actually proof for the action taken against someone.

:::note
Warning cases are a separate system so if you remove a warning, the case tied to the warning won't be removed.

Please also note that cases can only be created and viewed by **moderators**.
:::

| Command | Description | 
| ----------------------- | ----------- |
| <code>/case &lt;case_id&gt;</code> | View/manage a case - **you can edit a case in this command** |
| <code>/createcase &lt;member&gt; &lt;reason&gt; [action=Other] [proof=image url] [duration]</code> | Create a case for a user |
| <code>/cases [member]</code> | View cases for the whole server or yourself |

## Updated Warn Command
The warning system now uses "token like" warning IDs and now uses an embed for a command response.

:::danger

It seems like old warnings with different warning IDs don't seem to be valid warning IDs when trying to remove the warning, but they are in the database. **We are currently working on a fix for this**.

:::

:::info
Custom branded bots now support cases as of 9/11/2022
:::

<br/>
<h3>Want to contribute to Server Manager?</h3>

<div className="pyc-hero__actions">
  <Button link="https://discord.gg/6bCKvP24kb">Join our Support Server</Button>
</div>
